whoops let's not show
that
hello we are
alive I don't know why the hell we're
live but we're
live let's go over to here and fix some
more bugs and cod
happy
Friday it is Friday
right
y
well we got some bugs to
fix the goal is to get the Moa to not be
cursed so that we actually have the eval
thing
running as soon as that happens I'm
getting dinner and going to
sleep um
yeah so something weird is happening
because essentially the game is not
resetting
correctly I don't know
why I'm trying to think what it would be
somehow it has to be disappearing right
it's disappearing
but not losing
Health hold on wait a
second how suspicious am
I so it took a little bit of damage
then what do I think happened to
it entity. y entity
dox couldn't be this
right it only gets used
here health is an INT right not a
uint yeah I don't use
uints
so symptoms are it plays a few games
normally and then there's some Edge case
where the tower
disappears without triggering
what if I
um what if I just like
[Music]
return false does it still happen here
I'm a little suspicious of this thing
this is reasonable
right see if I can watch it
okay so it just did
it doesn't have anything to do with
push does it still have yeah 4500
health and I did remember to recompile
right
yeah okay so that's bizarre
let me see how the AI
works so there's attack
Target nearest scan
Target and there's basically attack or
skills so wait
sup ity dup hey that
guy trying to fix MOBA
bugs is this and I'm I'm trying to fix
mobid bugs where like God I'm either
slightly burned out or I'm getting
dementia one of the two because my brain
is just not freaking
working at all
I should go run a marathon that'll fix
me
um does this move to function make sense
if you're trying to move
somewhere that's not
empty your street go keeps
going to loading on
Twitch is that my
problem I have zero dropped frames at
the
moment so I don't know what I'm supposed
to do other than not drop any
frames well then that's probably twitch
not me
right can't do anything about that
either way
[Music]
um what is
it it didn't even lose any health this
time
I'll watch it again
I don't understand how this is possible
that it's doing this
so these
things they run forward
okay radiant
Victory radiant
Victory it reset correctly there
oh well this didn't do it
right it just the tower just
disappeared I should count the towers
taken to see if it
shows e
h
creeps took it and it was
fine I'm trying to think what like
what's the weird Edge case that I'm not
thinking of
here there's some weird Edge case that's
like letting it kill the ancient without
it resetting the
game or not kill the ancient cuz it
still has health
it's not happening
now but nothing
changed so I assume it's just rare
yeah so the creeps just took it there
and it was
fine is it some skill that I'm not
thinking
of what the heck would result in
removing the
ancient whoops we're out of memory
um what would result in removing the
ancient
I'm trying think how I can even debug
this
h for
I could disable
skills let's disable skills
yeah Ultra fast mode and
oh that's a reset so I've got to just
waiting to see if I if I'm confident or
not that this thing is in the
skills I don't think what scale it would
even
be I already tried commenting the like
the push and pull
skills but those should be
fine hello does the model take the game
image as an input
or it takes a local crop of
state so it takes basically the same
information that you would use to render
the screen that the player sees actually
a sort of a smaller portion around
it and that's what it uses
this is not the only render
mode there's also a playable game mode
that you can
see I'll pull that up after uh I run
this simulation I'm currently trying to
figure out why the game doesn't reset uh
sometimes the game doesn't reset when
you defeat the Ancient and that
obviously breaks
everything like it doesn't detect that
the wind condition has happened so I'm
trying to see how it is that they're
removing the enemy ancient without
anything
happening the agents that you see here
the radiant team in blue is a random
neural network and the radiant team in
red is a a network that I trained for a
few
minutes but yeah this is just like end
this is just like Friday evening debug
stream at least for the
next half hour or whatever if until I
give up on this and go get
food hopefully I can solve it before
then be really nice
the agents are so much weaker without
their
abilities it's actually kind of cool
that means that they have learned to use
their abilities
effectively okay that's a nice clean
reset but that's not really going to
tell me on its own
I can show you the uh the renderer real
quick you're still
here all right so this is what the game
looks like it's pretty basic but it does
have the full map it's got neutrals it's
got everything you would think of
Here Comes The
Wave defend the
[Music]
tower there you
go turn skill back on
maybe or do I up
damage thank
you I normally have much more energy
than this but uh this is the end of a
pretty long crazy Dev week
so I'm just at this point the current
goal is to just fix a lot like the last
few bugs in this I have some ELO
calculation code that takes a whole
bunch of neural networks plays games
with them and then sees which ones are
better and like makes like the MMR
curve but um I have some bugs in the
environment that are making that a
little difficult whoops I wanted to run
okay so this
is this is hypers speed because I just
cranked up all the attack
damage okay you see right
there the ancient is
gone it says that it's still there with
all its Health but it's not there the
game didn't reset
so it doesn't have to do with
skills it's
unfortunate I think what the heck else
you could possibly be
didn't happen there
so it's just really rare it seems
does it being more common with basic
attack mean
anything I'm seeing it happen with
skills as
well I'm trying to think if it's like if
it attacks and moves into the tile at
the same time or something but I don't
think that would do
anything like I almost don't think it's
an attack that's causing
this e
not like an off by one right there's no
way that makes
sense okay I just did it right there
it's like the very last index isn't
it I think that would do anything though
I doubt it's
this we're going to try this just in
case interesting for
okay it's not anything to do with
neutrals
it's very weird how it doesn't
even is this a clue that it didn't take
Health damage at
all surely it would take some health
damage
right it's pretty consistent
oh
wait e
man I just don't see anything that would
cause
this there I just took the
tower is there anything like if it takes
the ancient before a different Tower
it took the ancient before that seems
very
common this time it has damage on
it e
what other stuff can I
test wasn't the neutrals
right without the
Crepes 100
games it'll be really fast
so it pulled the tower there but that's
a known thing that they can do it just
pulled the tower around a whole
bunch that's fine
it's it's kind of funny that they can
pull the towers
it's just me or is it not
happening with only the we have to like
annoying thing is it's such a rare bug
that we have to run it for a ton of
games to know for sure
could this be something with the creeps
though or do we think it's just more
common with the
creeps like I would think it's got to be
something like moving onto that tile
right
like if they move onto the tile that
would mean that it it's still
alive I think it is still alive
technically the way it
is not seeing the bug without the
Minions What would the minions add
though just the fact that they go
straight up to it
maybe what's the minion work how's the
minion uh stuff
work move towards
I was move towards differ from move
two move two
y move
2x not equal empty and PID is not equal
to oh it's the
Jitter wait no
because this one's still
checked damn it I thought I found it cuz
this just calls move
to doesn't actually move you
okay
wait dis y
man this is a hard bug e
agent creeps neutrals right
let me make sure I have all the indexing
right
yeah is all look right
all
Imaging s creep s neutrals
right tower PID agent creeps
neutrals
grid Tower spawn y Tower spawn
X it's
empty
if you get an
error so this should be
fine I don't think it's getting here I
think
it's it's so weird because I have like
such extensive checks to prevent this
from
happening like this exact thing
I don't think this will I don't think
this will help but we'll see
205 looks to be
the okay so the bug just happened
here so
205 we get 205 is the Ancients got to
be 2125
2125 and the ancient here
he taking some hits but
his is not
killed so whatever happened to this
thing it's not getting
killed okay
is there anything else I can think
of entity Tower
okay let's try something else
then if
Tower
three
health
and
RD
why yeah let's see
rest
start
ancient Tower
23 greater than zero and s. grid
okay maybe this catches the bug
right see if I can catch it exactly when
it disappears
same
Tech a crazy freaking bug
there it
is so we're spammed to shed
unfortunately
put an exit
in but let's
see so it disappeared with in its EX in
the starting
position it disappeared in its starting
position
okay let's try this so it should never
be able to hit
this then this is to check if it's
overriding the tower by moving into it
somehow okay so ancient
disappeared has this much
health it moved a little bit but that's
allowable e
okay this is the I can't think of
anything than
this cuz I don't know where else it
would be moving
it 6:30 I need to get some food sleep
okay cannot move from Tower is very
weird right
how's that happen
that's very
weird cannot
move oh but this is end of game stuff
right no but now it's
suddenly for
come on do the
thing not being able to reproduce this
is very annoying
this has got to be happening right in
the
um the train code I would assume this is
why the runs stop after like a couple
billion
steps I've only been able to train for
like a billion or two and I should be
able to train for 20
[Music]
billion the fact that the tower is
attempting to
move oh wait
maybe this is the signal I'm looking
for I think this is probably the signal
right
because if it's no longer happening
and I
return okay what we'll do is we'll do
print
ler type
[Music]
at is a
tower
print PID player.
PID moving to
[Music]
class
no
exit this we can definitely reproduce so
what's happened I think is that somehow
it's got it's gotten onto the same tile
as a
tower hello link key
I forgot to
rebuild got to order some food as well
in a
bit it's kind of funny to me that people
will still watch like
the absolute zero energy debug stream
like I get when there's cool RL going on
but this is just like boring
debugging but hey it's all part of the
process okay so here is the bug it says
player type
one entity type is
quality third monitor
content you say so
okay so hero
type no it's not hero type it's a grid
ID
right or this is support I guess
yeah so this is their support
oops can't even drag it over by the time
this happens
so team
one is dire
right pretty damn sure team one is dire
hero type is zero
again player type
one wait player
type entity
type so it's a creep not a
player it's a dire
creep so I was right that it's something
with the
creeps and it says it is a tower
let's see if this does
anything that's
weird uh so I actually this doesn't have
anything to do with the Jitter which is
very
weird wait a second hero type zero is
um
team no tape one it's still a creep
player PID
18 well that's a crazy move isn't it
21 to 1890 there's no way that
works do I have Y and X mixed up
somewhere creep AI is move
towards y and x y and x
right okay so it's moving towards
it
so and then it gets the destination
this has got to be coming from a
waypoint
how is this thing trying to
teleport is my
question for
okay that's actually very
suspicious tick 300 is a tick that a new
wave spawns
does that
replicate it
does so let me
see this is the pit that we assigned to
it for
respawn
creep if
grid where do entity come
from okay so it is spawn
creep for
that's why I used get entity
Lane is
lane and then a respawn
does this
work did I just have garbage data in
this
buffer Undeclared for
still is a tower question mark
how's that
possible move
to
oh [__]
okay that's really
dumb I think I found
it I'll explain in a second if I'm right
if I'm right I'm ordering myself some
good food for finding
this we'll
see okay so yeah that's actually cancer
um so when an agent
dies you got to keep in mind this is an
ultra high performance
Sim there is zero dynamic memory
allocations zero that means is we reuse
we always just reuse
memory and as a result of
that we don't clear out the we sometimes
we have old data in those buffers
that we're supposed to remember to clear
out when we respawn the agents and stuff
but in this case they had their old
position data in
there and when they have their old
position data stuck in
there then the move function the way it
works is it
will it will delete whatever it is that
the agent is standing on because it's
going to try to delete the agent from
the current tile
technically the grid system kind of
causes
this we're just
gonna make sure that this is not a bug
hold on
okay let's just make absolutely freaking
sure that there's just no way that this
happens again
that's so
bad h
what's happening
now we can't set it to zero actually
[__]
actually why does this happen
oh [__] it's kind of hard
towers are fine doing this I think
zero so we're
fine for
how do I solve this
actually this is kind of tricky
I no
because I clear out the
grid when I do reset right I clear out
the
grid
e
e e
this looks
good that
way I really don't like this either
though
I really don't like this either I'm
going to leave it there for a second
though the neutral stuff is fine cuz
it's the same buff
the respawn player is also actually
fine Tower's fine it's just the
creeps
e e
actually can I just
like I just do
this when something dies I just move
it does that work
doesn't work because of the
player for
why wait how's that make
sense you never call kill on a player do
you
for e
wait how the heck does this make S any
sense still not fixed either
player type zero is a tower
I made some progress on this I'm going
to order my food on the side here and
then as soon as it gets here all just
going to be
done and I'll have to work on this
tomorrow
unfortunately little demotivating but
hey these Sims are
hard
e
e e
okay got that
done
um I think I have a handle though on
what this
is this is definitely like a data
corruption
thing not like in the memory at like
address type of way but
still had a followup I just saw that I
had a follow up from before do you think
some mix of both self supervision and RL
will be more prevalent in agent
systems rather than one or the other
yes but you have to be smart about it
like in my mind the way RL is being used
in language models now is kind of almost
a completely different thing from the
main value that RL
provides
um the main thing is that reinforcement
learning can just accumulate so much
data so quickly from Sims it scales so
so well with data
doesn't need huge models it can solve
incredible problems very very small
scale you know like think of like the
com like think of how good a 7 billion
parameter language model is really
really dumb right really really stupid
um even a three billion one yeah very
very stupid right well you can solve
DOTA with like 160 million parameters
DOTA is an incredibly incredibly hard
game
very complicated
game so you have to have a way to that
actually leverages the strengths of
these two
things and for the record there really
aren't any agent systems out there at
the moment like if you mean like the
language model agent systems like they
don't work it's just scam it's like
calling language model in
Loop doesn't
work for
kind of think what's the easiest way to
like catch all of
this when a player is killed
it
gets this actually looks like it should
work player type
zero is a tower
that's weird
memory
corruption for
we 128 we don't have a self. height
attribute recompile po
okay
so invalid player
position 0
-2 pit is six
spint a whole bunch of [__]
out something's weird is happening
so this
will crash eventually right
okay there we go
so type is
zero entity player is zero so at least
we don't have the data corrupted
corrupted PID is
six which is dire support I
believe hero type is actually
one right it wouldn't be
support it would
be
assassin got Health Mana level
9ine it's a very weird X
position .0
let's hit is one
it shouldn't be able to kill a
player for
oh there we
go so do we have killing player
anywhere nope so it's not actually
calling this
function e
just want to make sure it's not this
thing I don't think it would be but
okay no it's not this
thing oh wait is it this
thing hold
on there's a different error
that's interesting
okay player type one
move
to
entity
man this
complicated see how
food still be a while
somehow a creep is on the same cell as a
tower
he's trying to move from
106 19
wait a second
I think spawn creep has to
do let me try something
that was
weird um I
think I think that this is like between
game buffers or some Jank
thing yeah I think that on spawn
everything should just go to freaking
zero
right and then if you kill it it also
goes to zero that makes
sense Tower shouldn't
matter right or does
it Tower might actually
matter Tower dox
Towery
e
e e
does this do
anything it's basically just being
careful about um how stuff gets reset
let's
see neutrals are stacking up too many
let's fix the spawning of
neutrals
e e
I think for now this will look way
better than before at
least and then what we'll do is we'll
come up with a much better spawn
system
okay so let's see yep neutrals are good
now creeps look good
right
yeah did you see what was happening up
top
that was
crazy how did that
happen I just saw the thing before it
was like completely spazzed out right
is it not going to
reproduce oh there it is
you think I see why it
happens for
what cases should it be
moved
on probably food's here
right I'll check
few
minutes see if I can fix this before
then
so we'll see if this is
stable no
take
zero
right I see
what about this
I think it's just about clean resets at
this
point we'll fix it today we'll clean it
up
tomorrow
hopefully took way too
long back at it I've been at it
tired need some food go
sleep we'll see if this is fixed or
not if it's fixed then it should be
running the ELO cels
correctly
yeah for
we'll put this
here while I remove some prints
that was a lot of debugging
I think it's good
now it looks stable to
me and even if it's not it's at least
stable across
games I think it's good
though e
seg
fault really
gotta be freaking kidding me
how the hell
wait ancient disappeared
okay I think I found
it
cool
works I my this doesn't seg fault and
I'm done
right on time as
well why are my elos not updating damn
damn it
I didn't do this okay I got
it okay
oops here it is
are you kidding
me how is this seg
fault I'm not committing that but
okay well there's the working ELO update
there's still a couple things with the
environment to fix for tomorrow we're
pretty darn
close um we're going to clean all this
up tomorrow we'll have all the ELO Cals
working we'll have them integrated with
Wan B
sweeps
tomorrow and then this will all be
uploaded once it's nice and
stable uh if you would like to support
this work for free you would like to
play with it do whatever it's all
available
on the GitHub here puffery puffer lib
it's in the dev
Branch only thing I ask star the repo
helps me out a whole ton really does
the growth on this project has been nuts
and really this is what we need to be
able to push this forward so helps a
bunch
um that's interesting that it's actually
looks fairly stable
now this is
perfect you know what I'm going to
do we'll see if it's segals or
not but let's have it play a thousand
games let's just see what happens and
I'll leave this running
with that I'm going to call
it oh yeah thanks bet one second I'll do
that for you real quick
no it's not supposed to terminate after
one step it's supposed to terminate
after
30k invalid hyper parameters is
that's oh maybe it is then I don't
know it might be go I go look at the M
see if it makes sense there it
is I just committed everything by
mistake but whatever
I just committed it anyways
yeah I think it's a one-step environment
so you can either have it always be true
or not always be true it's possible that
this will mess it up um I could very
well have a little bug in the G
processing that would mess this up I
wouldn't be
surprised how's it train with one step
only it's a it only takes one step to
solve this this environment do you
see image should be one of the some the
image is positive Z otherwise flat
should be one if the sum is positive Z
otherwise you can try it with false it's
possible that I messed up J we should
have a separate test for that instead of
wrapping it in spaces uh it doesn't
really
matter yeah it can get zero
reward and then it
resets and then it has to try again
here I'll hop on Discord for a few I got
to get off of this so I got to go uh
start my dinner but I will I I'll be on
Discord in a sec see you